README.md, before:

# commitm - AI-Generated Git Commit Messages

Use the `commitm` command to generate commit messages, modify them, and commit!

![CleanShot 2024-02-21 at 16 14 29@2x](https://github.com/marissamarym/homebrew-commitm/assets/1459660/c98e14d5-bbac-4562-9d4e-4e5ed906a800)

Inspired by [my brother Adam's AI Shell Command Generator](https://gist.github.com/montasaurus/5ccbe453ef863f702291e763b1b63daf) ([tweet](https://twitter.com/montasaurus_rex/status/1758506549478097383)).

## Features

- Generates commit messages using the `llm` CLI based on staged changes
- Allows modifying messages to be more general, specific, longer, shorter etc
- Commits generated messages (with the prefix 🤖) or custom messages

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Install and configure the [llm](https://llm.datasette.io/en/stable/#quick-start) CLI tool. `llm` needs an API key (like the OpenAI API key) to make LLM calls.

### Installation

#### Option 1: With Homebrew

```bash
brew install marissamarym/commitm/commitm
```

Or

```bash
brew tap marissamarym/commitm
```

and then

```bash
brew install commitm
```

#### Option 2: From Repo

Clone this repository to your desired location:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/marissamarym/commitm.git
```

To make the script easily accessible from anywhere, add the following alias to your .zshrc file:

```bash
echo 'alias commitm="$HOME/path/to/commitm/src/commitm.zsh"' >> ~/.zshrc
```

Replace `$HOME/path/to/commitm` with the actual path to where you cloned or placed `commitm`.

Apply the changes to your `.zshrc` by running:

```bash
source ~/.zshrc
```

## Usage

To generate a commit message:

```bash
commitm
```

To generate a commit message and commit it immediately:

```bash
commitm -e
```

To generate a commit message with a custom prefix (✨) (default is 🤖):

```bash
commitm -p ✨
```

To generate a commit message without a custom prefix (default is 🤖):

```bash
commitm --no-prefix
```

To generate a commit message and commit immediately without showing output:

```bash
commitm -e -q
```

## Caveats

- `commitm` limits the prompt to 4096 tokens.

## Contributing

Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

Commit message:

🧙 Reforged README with Middle-Earth themes for lotr-commit cli
In the realm of version control, the mighty tool known as `commitm` has undergone a transformation. It now emerges as `lotr-commit`, drawing inspiration from the enchanting lands of Middle-Earth. This update includes changes to commands, prefixes, and installation instructions, all crafted to evoke the spirit of wizards and fellowship. Unite under the banner of Lotr, and let your commit messages echo with the essence of this fantastical realm.

README.md, after:

# lotr-commit - Middle-Earth Generated Git Commit Messages

Use the `lotr-commit` command to generate commit messages, modify them, and commit!

![lotr-commit screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tnorthcutt/lotr-commit/c1e5a1c11ddf65d8c4d3aa024eb17b2b218790cb/lotr-commit.png)

Forked from https://github.com/marissamarym/commitm

## Features

- Generates commit messages using the `llm` CLI based on staged changes
- Allows modifying messages to be more general, specific, longer, shorter etc
- Commits generated messages (with the prefix 🧙) or custom messages

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Install and configure the [llm](https://llm.datasette.io/en/stable/#quick-start) CLI tool. `llm` needs an API key (like the OpenAI API key) to make LLM calls.

### Installation

#### Option 1: With Homebrew

```bash
brew install tnorthcutt/lotr-commit/lotr-commit
```

Or

```bash
brew tap tnorthcutt/lotr-commit
```

and then

```bash
brew install lotr-commit
```

#### Option 2: From Repo

Clone this repository to your desired location:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tnorthcutt/lotr-commit.git
```

To make the script easily accessible from anywhere, add the following alias to your .zshrc file:

```bash
echo 'alias lotr-commit="$HOME/path/to/lotr-commit/src/lotr-commit.zsh"' >> ~/.zshrc
```

Replace `$HOME/path/to/lotr-commit` with the actual path to where you cloned or placed `lotr-commit`.

Apply the changes to your `.zshrc` by running:

```bash
source ~/.zshrc
```

## Usage

To generate a commit message:

```bash
lotr-commit
```

To generate a commit message and commit it immediately:

```bash
lotr-commit -e
```

To generate a commit message with a custom prefix (✨) (default is 🧙):

```bash
lotr-commit -p ✨
```

To generate a commit message without a custom prefix (default is 🧙):

```bash
lotr-commit --no-prefix
```

To generate a commit message and commit immediately without showing output:

```bash
lotr-commit -e -q
```

## Caveats

- `lotr-commit` limits the prompt to 4096 tokens.

## Contributing

Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.
